First, you hit my husband.
It's been so sweet.
Second, you betrayed the family once again.
It's supposed to be college.
Dad, please!
Can't you see that P.E.A.T. retreats a gusto well?
And third, according to the rules on my slide,
you're quite aware he stands!
Future, please don't kill my dad.
I'm the boss.
I have to do it!
It's the rules!
Future, please, if you love me,
let me pay for my sins another way.
If there's a sin, then let us atone it together.
Kill me.
Why don't you just let me?
And why do you knew before him?
Fucking coward of a son!
Listen now!
If you keep installing a gusto like this, then let's...
sever our family ties.
You're right.
I don't know what true love is.
But we still have got time.
I beg you.
I beg you, please give me another chance.
I know I can't.
Be with you.
It's someone else what to do.
Now I'm in watching you smile.
Watching you smile.